#100 Days Of Code - Log

### Day 0: June 24, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Uploaded landing page/ portfolio to github. Made edits to
project cards, fixed typos, etc.

**Thoughts**: I feel very insecure about putting myself out here, but I also
feel that I'm coding in a vacuum. I also feel that I'm not ready, since I don't
list every project I've completed for freecodecamp (fCC) on my landing page.
But-- better to publish and add features as I go rather than to never publish at
all.

**Link to work:** [portfolio page](http://bradleyhop.github.io)

**Update**: Tried to push my own master branch to the actual master branch.
Totally embaressed. Well, it's all roses from here, haha.

### Day 1: June 25, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Downloaded code for my weather app from codepen.io. Added
code so that it functions as a stand-alone webpage. Also, fixed the colors on
my wiki search app.

**Thoughts**: Looks like github doesn't count contributions you make when you
check in code from your master branch. I uploaded the new weather app, but it
didn't show progress. So I made some color changes on the wiki app, and pushed
that. Slowly learning git and making it secondhand knowledge.

Already, I'm doubting myself. I came home, fed the cat, sat down, and started
the pomodoro timer. That timer is what keeps me going, as long as I can start.

**Link to work:** [weather app](http://bradleyhop.github.io/weatherApp/weather.html)

### Day 2: June 26, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Worked on twitch app for freecodcamp front end project.

**Thoughts** : I've been able to get data from the twitch api, but now I'm
working through iterating through a list of users. Moreso, I want to define
actions, namely building a html status box, based on a user's online status. So
 far, not successful.

Did learn about ajax deferred callbacks, .done .error, and .then (which seems to
be a catchall). All learned that api's can block you for too many calls. Need to
figure out how to pause codepen.io's autorefresh. Codepen is useful for getting
these object calls and seeing how they return.

Was also very tired tonight. Full day of work, and then teaching, and then
coding. Almost feel asleep.

**Link to work:** [twitch app js only](http://bradleyhop.github.io/twitchOnline/onlineTwitch.js)

### Day 3: June 27, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Continue work on twitch app for fCC

**Thoughts** : Still having trouble getting online status for each channel. I
can get the json's from the api one at a time, but when I check to see if status
returns an object with stream:null... blarg. I'm testing with a function call
using ajax, but the test completes before the function call does. Async. Blarg.

**Link to work:** [twitch app js only](http://bradleyhop.github.io/twitchOnline/onlineTwitch.js)

### Day 3: June 28, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Continue work on twitch app for fCC. Start to add json for
projects for portfolio page.

**Thoughts** : Having troubles with javascript's async behavior. Going to ask
the fCC forum.

**Link to work:** [twitch app js only](http://bradleyhop.github.io/twitchOnline/onlineTwitch.js)

### Day 4: June 29, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Learning much about javascripts asynchronus behavior.
Finally found a resource to help me understand. Refactored weather app's js to
try out new skills. No more nested ajax calls! But still, not perfect. Onto
learning about promises!

**Thoughts** : fCC forum is great. Its the stackoverflow for code noobs like me.
Going foward, I'll try to avoid callback hell. It will also help me pass data
around.

**Helpful Resource of the Day**: [net ninja async-js tutorial](https://www.thenetninja.co.uk/courses/asynchronous-javascript-tutorial)

**Link to work:** [weather javascript without callback hell](http://bradleyhop.github.io/weatherApp/weather.js)

### Day 5: June 30, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Replaced large switch statement in weather app with object
literal, which is easier to read and less code.
Finally getting consistant info on channel online status in twitch app. Now to
design and code based on this info. Also, need to check if valid channel!

**Thoughts** : I think I return to old projects and refine the old code when I'm
trying to avoid the current project I'm supposed to be focusing on. I feel kinda
guilty, but also I'm still learning and applying -- using what I learn now to
fix old messes.

**Link to work:** [weather app with object literal](http://bradleyhop.github.io/weatherApp/weather.js) [  twitch app js getting online status](http://bradleyhop.github.io/twitchOnline/onlineTwitch.js)

### Day 6: July 1, 2017

**Today's Progress**: Dug into twitch's api to find the info that I need.

**Thoughts** : I'm really not digging twitch. There's a lot of info to dig
through, even though I don't need it all. Taking time to design how I want to
display the results and structure the code is helping me not feel overwhelmed.

**Link to work:** [twitch app](https://bradleyhop.github.io/twitchOnline/onlineTwitch.js)

<!--
   -# 100 Days Of Code - Log
   -
   -### Day 0: February 30, 2016 (Example 1)
   -##### (delete me or comment me out)
   -
   -**Today's Progress**: Fixed CSS, worked on canvas functionality for the app.
   -
   -**Thoughts:** I really struggled with CSS, but, overall, I feel like I am slowly getting better at it. Canvas is still new for me, but I managed to figure out some basic functionality.
   -
   -**Link to work:** [Calculator App](http://www.example.com)
-->
